Isn't it just a fall?
Ash is alive
Why is Qinghe not optimistic?
The righteous general doesn't know
Falling really doesn't make you realize your life
But
Miss Qinghe has been tortured in starting a family for the past six months
Her body was already weak
fall
even if
Adding insult to injury
and
The reason why Miss Qinghe is still in a coma
That's because before that
He was poisoned
What!
What poison? Judging from Miss Qinghe's appearance
It should be someone from the secret system of the witch clan. Three days later
Take the medicine
If the antidote cannot be found within three days
The poisoned will burn with tears
He festered and died.
Then this kind of picture
Can it also be solved?
As far as I know
This three-day red
It is made from 12 kinds of poisonous insects and 16 kinds of poisonous weeds
Unless you know its specific recipe
Otherwise, in my art
I can only guarantee
Miss Qinghe within three days
The toxicity in his body will not be sent away
If there is no antidote
Even if the fire fairy comes
Miss Qinghe is also inevitable
Senior sister
Senior sister Qinghe has been staying in the Chen family
Can only Chen Hui and Sun Shangxiang harm him?
Now Chen Hui is colluding with Guida Wuzang
It must be Musashi
The leftover poison chicken
Sister, don't worry.
I will rush back to Nanjing now.
Jedi three feet
He will also catch Guida Gozo within three days
Find the antidote
Hello
Hello Miss Lu
Okay, it should be called the mother and daughter queen now
You are the queen
Should have heard my name
able to speak
The perception of kneeling in the sky and not falling